Add custom input parameter t_lab for externally loaded species in the boosted frame (#4219)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

      ``<species_name>.charge`` (`double`) optional (default is read from openPMD file) when set this will be the charge of the physical particle represented by the injected macroparticles.
      ``<species_name>.mass`` (`double`) optional (default is read from openPMD file) when set this will be the charge of the physical particle represented by the injected macroparticles.
      ``<species_name>.z_shift`` (`double`) optional (default is no shift) when set this value will be added to the longitudinal, ``z``, position of the particles.
      ``<species_name>.t_lab_from_file`` (`bool`) optional (default is false) only read if warpx.gamma_boost > 1., it allows to set t_lab for the Lorentz Transform as being the time stored in the openPMD file.

>       One can use instead ``<species_name>.t_lab`` (`double`) optional (default is 0) which allows to set a custom t_lab for the Lorentz Transform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ``<species_name>.t_lab`` (`double`) optional (default is 0) which allows to set a custom t_lab for the Lorentz Transform. This option overrides ``t_lab_from_file`` if the latter is defined.
```
I would suggest to start the line with the option name. Moreover, I think that we should write in the documentation what happens if both `t_lab` and `t_lab_from_file` are defined.

>       ``<species_name>.t_lab`` (`double`) optional (default is 0) which allows to set a custom t_lab for the Lorentz Transform. This option overrides ``t_lab_from_file`` if the latter is defined.

Reviewer 2: Just a comment. Would it work to have this setup where if `t_lab` is not supplied, it means that it will be obtained from the file (instead of having the extra input parameter flag to specify that)?
